I warn you.
Trash picking is not allowed in this place
Get out of here, young man
We don't pick up trash
Are we moving in?
I'm so fucking shameless
I can work in a place like this
And someone you can help
Don't make excuses to pick up trash
Be careful what you say, boy
Looking for a beating, right?
Son, why don't we go?
Yes, let's go. No
I'll see who dares to stop
Miss Su, you are back.
I don't know where these three flower watering seeds came from.
I was just kicking them out
Fashion point, hurry up
Don't let my Miss Su's face
He is the daughter of Su Guardian
He saved my father's life.
How dare you be so humiliated
Do you want to quit?
This gentleman
I'm so sorry.
The villain was helpless just now
I should hit oh oh